Take Home Writing Exercise Improvements (#29)
jeremy-lq/hiring-engineers: README.md

If you are applying to be a Techical Writer at [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/), you are in the right spot.

<img src="https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/2967233/246a3700-b83c-11e9-9960-8b03925fc6f7" width="500" height="500" alt="Logo">

## Instructions

* Read the [prerequisites](https://github.com/jeremy-lq/hiring-engineers/blob/tech-writer/README.md#prerequisites) and [references](https://github.com/jeremy-lq/hiring-engineers/blob/tech-writer/README.md#references) before the exercises.
* Fork this repo.
* Complete your responses in the `answers.md` file of your forked repo.

> * Feel free to add links to your dashboard and screenshots inline with your responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add links to your dashboard and screenshots inline with your responses.
```

* Commit as much code as you need to support your responses.
* Create a pull request and submit the PR link in Greenhouse.

> If you have any questions, create an issue in this repository and contact Kaylyn Sigler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions, create an issue in this repository or respond to the "Take Home Test from Datadog" email.
```

> If you have any questions, create an issue in this repository and contact Kaylyn Sigler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions, create an issue in this repository or respond to the "Take Home Test from Datadog" email.
```

## Prerequisites

You can utilize [any OS/host](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent) to complete this exercise. However, we recommend one of the following approaches:

* Spin up a fresh Linux VM via Vagrant or another tool so you don’t run into any OS or dependency issues. To set up a Vagrant Ubuntu LTS VM, see the [instructions](https://github.com/jeremy-lq/hiring-engineers/blob/tech-writer/README.md#vagrant).
* Utilize a containerized approach with Docker for Linux and our dockerized Datadog Agent image.

> When you are ready, sign up for a [two-week trial](https://app.datadoghq.com/signup) and select “Datadog Recruiting Candidate” in the **Company** field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are ready, sign up for a [two-week trial](https://app.datadoghq.com/signup) and select “Datadog Recruiting Candidate” in the **Company** field. If you have already signed up for a trial, but it is running out, let us know by responding to the "Take Home Test from Datadog" email and we can extend it.
```
